c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\IronWomen.exe
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\IronWomen.pdb
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\IronWomen.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\IronWomen.exe
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\IronWomen.pdb
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\vijoshi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\IronWomen.exe
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\IronWomen.pdb
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\bin\Debug\IronWomen.build.appxrecipe
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\IronWomen.exe
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\IronWomen.pdb
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Vishal\Projects\IronWoman\IronWomen\IronWomen\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
